克林顿对内塔尼亚胡说。他从马上摔下来 了。你马上下来一下。
You could n't have been so rich.
在大青山与乌拉河之间的峪口中有一条昆都仑河，由北而南流入黄河。昆都仑河就是古代的石门水，石门水大概是古代游牧民族进入阴山以南的沃也最方便的一条道路。
在这个通道的外面，已经发现了一些汉代的古城，有一个古城可能就是汉代的光禄城。
Could n't you have been more polite?
All time is no time when it is past.
When all men speak no man hears.
When stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty.
While the word is in your mouth, it is your own;when 'tis once spoken, 'tis another's.
Truth and love are two of the most powerful things in the world; and when they both go together they cannot easily be withstood.
Press conferences are usually used where an organization wishes to communicate with as many media organizations as possible.
Where there is a will, there is a way.
Pain is forgotten where gain follows.
The soul is not where it lives, but it loves.
He that has a tongue in his head may find his way anywhere.
I must have seen you somewhere before, but your name escapes me.
Every why has a wherefore.
A discontented man knows not where to sit easy.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Whenever I heard the word museum mentioned, I think of a place full of exhibits which are lifeless and yet delicate. 
One thing I do not like about visiting museums is to see the "Hands Off" sign every where: "Hands Off the Exhibits", "Do Not Touch Things". 
They remind you constantly that you come to a museum only to watch and not to touch. 
However, a recent trip I made to a museum somewhat changed my impression. 
This is where you have to make sure that you stand out.
I wept when I was born, and every day shows why.
That is why military forces have "orders" which are to be followed exactly.
Reporters are the same as everyone else. They want to know the W's, which we have covered earlier: What, When, Where, Who, Why and How.
What you cannot do is to adopt a "wait and see" attitude.
what do all these have in common? The answer is that they are all visual.
What underlies all this sound and fury?
A wise man cares not for what he cannot have.
A wise man will make tools of what comes to hand.
Believe not all that you see nor half what you hear.
Do not to others what you do not wish them to do to you.
Don't put off till tomorrow what should be done today.
Come what may, heaven won't fall.
Conversation makes one what he is.
He knows best what good is that has endured evil.
I am not now that which I have been. (I am not what I used to be.
If we cannot get what we like, we have to like what we can get.
If you cannot have the best, make the best of what you have.
You are the greatest enemy if you are a coward, but if you are brave, you are your greatest friend.
We only live once, but if we work it right once is enough.
The eye is blind if the mind is absent.
Two persons cannot long be friends if they cannot forgive each other's little failings.
Life is half spent before we know what it is.
Lost time is never found again, and what we call time enough always proves little enough.
Misfortunes tell us what fortune is.
Men of courage, men of sense, and men of letters are frequent: but a true gentleman is what one seldom seen.
Money is neither good nor bad, but all depends on what use is made of it.
Practice what you preach.
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
Speech shows what a man is.
The greatest fool is he who worries about what he cannot help.
The talent of success is nothing more than doing well whatever you do without a thought of fame.
We know not what is good until we have lost it.
What's learnt in the cradle lasts till the tomb.
What's done can't be undone.
What we do willingly is easy.
What we lose in hake we shall have in herring.
Wherever he is satisfied with what he does, he has reached his culminating point--he will progress no more.
Who has never tasted bitter, knows not what is sweet.
You must reap what you have sown.
You never know what you can do till you try.
You don't have a choice as to whether or not your company will be involved with the media. 
No man can be a good ruler unless he has first been ruled.
Preachers can talk but never teach, unless they practise what they preach.
Marriage makes or mars a man.
Sooner or later, the truth comes to light.
The moon is a moon whether it shines or not.
There are but three ways of living: by working, by stealing, or by begging.
There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
No man learns but by pain or shame.
East or west, home is best.
A thief is a thief, whether he steals a diamond or a cucumber.
A man is not good or bad for one action.
A man alone is either a saint or a devil.
It's fine to take a deep interest in computers, dance, language or any other discipline, but not if it jeopadizes breadth.
And what's this?
And the air today is nice and clean.

They talked on and on very happily.
They call me Lily sometimes, and I don't always tell them that they've made a mistake.
Is the radio off or on?
Is he asleep or awake?
They didn't sing or dance.
Hurry up, or you'll be late for school.
He must be joking, or else he's mad.
The work is more or less finished.
But that question doesn’t arise.
Excuse me, but I don’t think that’s quite true.
No one but me saw him.
She is but a young girl.
It never rains but it pours.
He eats nothing but hamburgers.
But for you, we couldn’t have carried out the plan.
John would have helped us but that he was short of money at that time.
You can’t help but respect them.
We are very good friends.

They are often used for the launch of new products or services, or to announce good news.
The boss may not always be right, but he or she is always the boss.
The little quick brown fox looks at the lazy dog. 
The little quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. 
The flower is very beautiful. 
It is quite natural that people's views on this issue in question vary from person to person. 
The improvement of industrial skills is of short-term interest. 
It is to our long-range benefits for us to boost the development of science and technology through educaion.

you are lazy. you are lazy bone.
he is nice.
he is at home.
he is nice at home.
he is in a nice school.
he is a nice man at home.
he is a nice man in a nice school.
he is known as a very popular math professor in a relatively good university.
he is known as a nice man in a nice school.

he works at home.
he works in a nice school.
he works hard in his company.
he runs quikly in the field.
In fact he is a thief.

both our children are learning in a nice school.
he planted trees on both sides of the road.

to see is to believe.
seeing is believing.
To improve your English, you must work hard.
compared with music, film has a much shorter history.

I love you.
Do you love me?
You don't love me.
I love my family.
I like books.

If you want to be thinner and healthier, you have to eat less food―and you also have to take more exercise.
If something happens that attracts public interest, then reporters and cameras are going to be on your doorstep.

Because he was absent for two weeks, the other students in his class are ahead of him.
It is because I was born in Hong  Kong that I love Hong Kong.
Out in space, the sky looks black, instead  of blue. This is because there is no atmosphere.
Since all of us agreed about this plan, we will carry it out next week. 
The devil knows many things because he is old.
The sky is not less blue because the blind man does not see it.
And the Thames is basically a clean river because of the anti-pollution measures taken over the years.
Considering that he is no more than 12 years old, his height of 1.80 m is quite remarkable.

He got up so early that he caught the first bus.
I got up early so that I could catch the first bus.
You will certainly succeed so long as you keep on trying. 
Provided that there is no opposition, we shall hold the meeting here. 
The old man always enjoys swimming even though the weather is rough. 
She behaved as if she were the boss.
He walks as if he was drunk.
It looks as if it's going to rain.
I will tell him as soon as he comes back.
As long as you take my advice, you will outwit your rival.
Although I gave him some advice, he didn’t take them.
However difficult it may be, we will overcome it.
No matter how difficult it may be, we will overcome it.

She is such a nice teacher that all of us love her.
She is a so nice teacher that all of us love her.

The fire which lights us at a distance will burn us when near.
Nothing in the world is difficult for one who sets his mind to it.
God helps those who help themselves.
He who laughs best laughs last.
He who does not work, neither shall he eat.
He who cannot hold his peace will never live at ease.
He who avoids temptation avoids the sin.
He that has no children knows not what is love.
All that glitters is not gold.
He told me that John is known as a math professor who is very popular among the students in a relatively good university.

What you said yesterday is right.
That she is still alive is a consolation.
He said that he was not here just now.

I remember that I have paid the bill.
He told me that he would go to the college the next year.
I don't know if there will be a bus any more.
Nobody knew whether he could pass the exam.
He didn't tell me when we should meet again.
Could you please tell me how you use the new panel?
None of us knows where these new parts can be bought.
We all find it important that we (should) make a quick decision about this matter.
We are talking about whether we admit students into our club.
The new book is about how Shenzhou 6 manned spaceship was sent up into space.
I know nothing about my new neighbor except that he used to work with a company.
I can’t imagine what it used to be.
I am afraid that I’ve made a mistake.
No business leader or communicator would be so foolish today as to think that issuing just an announcement constitutes communication.

Which football team will win the match is still unknown.
Which bus we should take is still a question.
Whatever we have achieved is attributed to the guidance of our parents.
Whoever leaves the room last ought to turn off the lights

They were all very much worried over the fact that you were sick.
Where did you get the idea that I could not come?
Early in the day came the news that Germany had declared war on Russia.
The news that I have passed the exam is true.
The news that he told me just now is true.

It was not until his wife came back that he went to bed.
It was my father who did the experiment in the lab yesterday evening.
It was the experiment that my father did in the lab yesterday evening.
It was yesterday evening that my father did the experiment in the lab.
It was in the lab that my father did the experiment yesterday evening.

